First off, *THANK YOU* for being interested in helping out!  We're flattered you
are considering spending your valuable time helping build a more semantic way to
track user events on the web!

Here are some common questions:

## Will You Treat Me Well?

Great question! We want to make you feel welcome, so we've adopted the
[Contributor Covenant](CONTRIBUTOR_COVENANT.md) as an agreement between project
maintainers and collaborators.

## How Can I Help?
There are three ways you can help out:
 * Offering suggestions for bug-fixes and features.
 * Providing feedback on suggestions already created.
 * Submitting pull requests with the changes you think are valuable!

## How Do I Make Suggestions?
We prefer you [create an
issue](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-issue/) in our [issue
tracker](https://github.com/zincmade/track.js/issues), but if you're
uncomfortable with that send an email with your suggestion to
[yo+track-js@zincma.de](mailto: yo+track-js@zincma.de).

## How Do I Know What To Work On?

We use [github issues](https://github.com/zincmade/track.js/issues) and
[waffle](https://waffle.io/zincmade/track.js) to plan our work. Feel free to
grab anything marked "ready", or come up with something new and awesome!

## How Do I Submit Work?

We use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) to handle
contributions, and use the [fork and
pull](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/#fork--pull)
collaboration model. Once you've [created a
fork](https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/) You can submit a pull
request [right from your
browser](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flow-in-the-browser/)

Once you [submit a pull
request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/), we'll
review it right away!

If all that sounds scary ask for help in the community or send an email to
[yo+track-js@zincma.de](mailto: yo+track-js@zincma.de) and we'll work with you
to get your work in!

# Who Are The Project's Maintainers?

* [Zee Spencer](http://zeespencer.com/) - Founder, initial user
* Maybe you? Once you've made a few suggestions, participated in the community,
  or submitted patches a few times, I'll happily add you to the core
  team!
